alright hey guys how you I want you to
come over any quick feed to just show
off my hair
I did some finger coils this will be the
third day on finger claws and this is
one that looks like is still that's
pretty good I am pleasantly surprised
now I was heavy-handed on the job I like
what's so much on there that is very
stiff and some places are harder than
others but for the most part is pretty
hard anyone I want to just show you all
really quickly because my battery is low
and I'm about to go somewhere how i
refresh them and get them looking nice
again because they're kind of dry got
water spray it a little bit i used whole
- i missed
shake it gray give it a little bit of
moisture um for a little bit of shine
and to continue to protect my hands
I used my extra-virgin olive oil and
just paste it over here like that
you know pull up some of the coils that
are stuck to my head anyway a little bit
more oil go in at my roots kind of wake
them up okay besides you all know for
the most part my go-to style what both
sides I got my eco styler both sides go
down up
just take back home and slide it in
there like that
yes I think to the other side
but in this flower that's it
I see one of the cause or a couple of
them up here I started to look a little
ragged on the wedding and get a little
bit of jealousy see how that is and it's
not gold with everything else so we Jeff
and recoil you see that doesn't hear the
flutter gets wet it falls all limp and
straight but it's gonna eventually do it
shrinkage thing and call up like
everything else
just to kind of give this more of the
shape I want and a bobby pin and up
those hanging coils that were kind of
hanging now
and this is how been wearing it for the
last couple days I've got a lot of
compliments on someone so I just thought
I would share with you ah I did a video
on showing you how I called it also but
I have an edit it yeah it's kind of long
and I need to cut it down so if you all
want to see that video just let me know
we're gonna post there for you guys also
alright happy new years oh yes today's
my mom's birthday so I just want to give
them all a shout out and say happy
birthday mom I love you and wish
everybody goes a Happy New Year Happy
Holidays
alright thanks for watching as always
peace
you